Helm: Adding tolerations to block deployment to drained nodes (#40137)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

.. _current_release_required_changes:

.. _1.19_upgrade_notes:

1.19 Upgrade Notes
------------------

Helm Options

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Given that this is aimed at v1.18, I would drop these changes and just add the release note in the equivalent section under v1.18 below.

> * The default value for ``operator.tolerations`` has been changed to include the following tolerations:

Reviewer 2: nit: 
```suggestion
* The default value for ``operator.tolerations`` has been narrowed to only include the following tolerations:
```

   ``node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane`` , ``node-role.kubernetes.io/master`` , ``node.kubernetes.io/not-ready`` and ``node.cilium.io/agent-not-ready``. This will 
   block the operator running on drained nodes. 
  

> 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
```
